It's 12:00, the bell just rang, and Pauline is getting ready to go
home. She is excited because it's the first day of school, and her mom
has prepared her favorite dish for dinner: pan-fried Chinese
dumplings. But before that, she needs to finish packing her large tote
bag with the school supplies she just received. At 12 years old, 152
cm, and 49 kg, she looks up at the mountain on her desk. Nevertheless,
she is relieved because the 10 binders, their papers, and the 4
notebooks can stay in the classroom. However, she knows that she will
have to stuff her bag to fit in the 14 books and 11 activity
files. Her older brother had teasingly warned her, "Get ready to turn
into a mule throughout middle school!!" She bears it patiently; it has
always been this way.


It's 6:00 PM, time to go home. Paul needs to prepare his things as he
will be teleworking from home tomorrow, Wednesday. He chose this day
to telework because the children are home, and he looks forward to
this day of the week, even though it requires some extra
organization. Indeed, he needs to bring home the billing binders for
the 8 commercial services. These lever arch binders are practical but
a bit bulky. This time, he will try not to forget the company's
journal book. Last Wednesday, his department head had asked him to do
a remote verification, but he couldn't because he had forgotten the
book. Given that, he will also take the 6 auxiliary books, just in
case. This time, he thought to bring his favorite tote bag, which is
sturdy and has survived all his back-to-schools in high school.

September 2025, tomorrow is Paulette's first day at middle school. As
requested in the letter sent to parents during the summer, Paulette
has started the synchronization process for her Dynabook. This time,
she remembered to do it; last year, she was completely lost on the
first day of school because she didn't have her schedule! She felt
like the kid from the last grade wandering around the halls of her
school, it was understandable for the younger ones, but not for her!
For this new school year, Paulette is thrilled because she shares the
same class as her best friend, Justine. In fact, she has already drawn
a heart in the class memory book dedicated to her. Curious, she took a
look at the math book, and there are still fill-in-the-blank exercises
where you have to write the answers with the stylus. These were her
favorite exercises last year; they were not difficult to do and easy
to send to the teacher for correction. Sometimes, there were
self-corrected exercises, but the answers from the Dynabook were
sometimes weird and not always understandable. What she preferred was
the teacher's handwritten responses on her Dynabook exercise sheet or
notebook.  But her favorite subject is geography. From her atlas, she
copied the map of Taiwan onto the color screen and colored the places
she visited this summer: Kenting, Taroko gorge, Yang Ming Shan, Jiu
Fen, all good memories.  Tomorrow, she will have lunch at school with
Justine. Mom has prepared a great picnic for her, and it's already in
her bag with her Dynabook. She will approach her first day at middle
school with a light heart and a spring in her step.